docs(api): add processAssets hook (#3770)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/api/compilation-hooks.md

- Callback Parameters: `assets`

### `processAssets`

> `AsyncSeriesHook`

Author: types defined in https://github.com/webpack/webpack/blob/a4d06805f2f934132ee14229a73aaa5c532a822b/types.d.ts#L979

Asset processing.

- Callback Parameters: `assets`

Here's an example:

```js
compilation.hooks.processAssets.tap(
  {
    name: 'MyPlugin',
    stage: Compilation.PROCESS_ASSETS_STAGE_ADDITIONS,
  },
  (assets) => {
    delete assets['a.js'];
  }
);
```

There're many stages to use:

> - `PROCESS_ASSETS_STAGE_ADDITIONAL` - Add additional assets to the compilation.

Author: Defined in `types.d.ts` https://github.com/webpack/webpack/blob/a4d06805f2f934132ee14229a73aaa5c532a822b/types.d.ts#L1214

> - `PROCESS_ASSETS_STAGE_PRE_PROCESS` - Basic preprocessing of assets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `PROCESS_ASSETS_STAGE_PRE_PROCESS` - Basic preprocessing of the assets.
```

> - `PROCESS_ASSETS_STAGE_DERIVED` - Derive new assets from existing assets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `PROCESS_ASSETS_STAGE_DERIVED` - Derive new assets from the existing assets.
```

> - `PROCESS_ASSETS_STAGE_ADDITIONS` - Add additional sections to existing assets, like a banner or initialization code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `PROCESS_ASSETS_STAGE_ADDITIONS` - Add additional sections to the existing assets e.g. banner or initialization code.
```

- `PROCESS_ASSETS_STAGE_OPTIMIZE` - Optimize existing assets in a general way.
- `PROCESS_ASSETS_STAGE_OPTIMIZE_COUNT` - Optimize the count of existing assets, e.g. by merging them.

> - `PROCESS_ASSETS_STAGE_OPTIMIZE_COMPATIBILITY` - Optimize the compatibility of existing assets, e.g. add polyfills or vendor-prefixes.

Reviewer: I think `vendor prefixes` is more common than `vendor-prefixes`, i'd suggest to go with the common version
```suggestion
- `PROCESS_ASSETS_STAGE_OPTIMIZE_COMPATIBILITY` - Optimize the compatibility of existing assets, e.g. add polyfills or vendor prefixes.
```

- `PROCESS_ASSETS_STAGE_OPTIMIZE_SIZE` - Optimize the size of existing assets, e.g. by minimizing or omitting whitespace.
- `PROCESS_ASSETS_STAGE_SUMMARIZE` - Summarize the list of existing assets.

> - `PROCESS_ASSETS_STAGE_DEV_TOOLING` - Add development tooling to assets, e.g. by extracting a SourceMap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `PROCESS_ASSETS_STAGE_DEV_TOOLING` - Add development tooling to the assets, e.g. by extracting a source map.
```

- `PROCESS_ASSETS_STAGE_OPTIMIZE_TRANSFER` - Optimize the transfer of existing assets, e.g. by preparing a compressed (gzip) file as separate asset.

> - `PROCESS_ASSETS_STAGE_ANALYSE` - Analyse existing assets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `PROCESS_ASSETS_STAGE_ANALYSE` - Analyze the existing assets.
```

> - `PROCESS_ASSETS_STAGE_REPORT` - Creating assets for reporting purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `PROCESS_ASSETS_STAGE_REPORT` - Creating assets for the reporting purposes.
```

> ### `afterProcessAssets`

Author: It's called in the source code https://github.com/webpack/webpack/blob/255ae13f59ce36e93b6d8c4301e9cd3366140bda/lib/Compilation.js#L1905

`SyncHook`

> Executed after `processAssets` finished without error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Called after the [`processAssets`](#processassets) hook had finished without error.
```
